doc(release) Release notes hotfix web 24.04.23 (#5044)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 24.04.23

Release date: `February 11, 2026`

<details>
<summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Administration] Fixed a blocking issue on LDAP authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Administration] Fixed a blocking issue that caused some LDAP users to be unable to log in.
```
